docs/guide/build-systems/README.md, before:

---
title: Build Systems (Batch Processing)
---

::: seealso
[Reference for Build Systems](/reference/build_systems.html)
: Complete documentation on all available options, variables, etc.
:::

::: warning Notice
Build system selection is currently
undergoing a rework in the dev channel.
The following information may be outdated.

See [this forum thread](https://forum.sublimetext.com/t/build-systems/14435) for details.
:::

Build systems let you run your files
through external programs like
`make`, `tidy`, interpreters, etc.

Executables called from build systems
must be in your **`PATH`**.
For more information about making sure
the **`PATH`** seen by Sublime Text
is set correctly, 
see [Troubleshooting Build Systems](/reference/build_systems.html#troubleshooting-build-systems).


## File Format

Build systems are JSON files
and have the extension `.sublime-build`.

### Example

Here's an example of a build system:

```js
{
    "cmd": ["python", "-u", "$file"],
    "file_regex": "^[ ]*File \"(...*?)\", line ([0-9]*)",
    "selector": "source.python"
}
```

`cmd`
: Required. This option contains the actual command line
  to be executed.

  ```bash
  python -u /path/to/current/file.ext
  ```

`file_regex`
: A Perl-style regular expression
  to capture error information
  from an external program's output.
  This information is used
  to help you navigate through error instances with `F4`.

`selector`
: If the **Tools | Build System | Automatic** option is set,
  Sublime Text will automatically find
  the corresponding build system for the active file
  by matching `selector` to the file's scope.

In addition to options,
you can use some variables in build systems too,
as we have done above with `$file`,
which expands to the active buffer's filename.


## Where to Store Build Systems

Build systems must be located somewhere
under the Packages folder
(e.g. `Packages/User`).
Many packages include their own build systems.


## Running Build Systems

Build systems can be run by pressing <kbd>F7</kbd>
or from **Tools → Build**.

Commit message:

Fix internal references
Also remove some sections that were clearly outdated or wrong.

docs/guide/build-systems/README.md, after:

---
title: Build Systems (Batch Processing)
---

::: seealso
:::

::: warning Notice
This page describes the old behavior of build systems.
While it is still generally correct,
refer to the official documentation
for the up to date version.
We are working on this.

[Offical Documentation on Build Systems](https://www.sublimetext.com/docs/3/build_systems.html)
: Complete documentation on all available options, variables, etc.
:::

Build systems let you run your files
through external programs like
`make`, `tidy`, interpreters, etc.

Executables called from build systems
must be in your **`PATH`**.


## File Format

Build systems are JSON files
and have the extension `.sublime-build`.

### Example

Here's an example of a build system:

```js
{
    "cmd": ["python", "-u", "$file"],
    "file_regex": "^[ ]*File \"(...*?)\", line ([0-9]*)",
    "selector": "source.python"
}
```

`cmd`
: Required. This option contains the actual command line
  to be executed.

  ```bash
  python -u /path/to/current/file.ext
  ```

`file_regex`
: A Perl-style regular expression
  to capture error information
  from an external program's output.
  This information is used
  to help you navigate through error instances with `F4`.

`selector`
: If the **Tools | Build System | Automatic** option is set,
  Sublime Text will automatically find
  the corresponding build system for the active file
  by matching `selector` to the file's scope.

In addition to options,
you can use some variables in build systems too,
as we have done above with `$file`,
which expands to the active buffer's filename.


## Where to Store Build Systems

Build systems must be located somewhere
under the Packages folder
(e.g. `Packages/User`).
Many packages include their own build systems.


## Running Build Systems

Build systems can be run by pressing <kbd>F7</kbd>
or from **Tools → Build**.
